Hello madam, what business do you need to do?
Hello, I'm going to pay some money.
Please show me your Yang card and ID card.
Sorry, your Yang card and ID card information do not match and the operation cannot be performed.
I asked why some people still come to your station to withdraw money.
It turns out that the card was stolen.
I didn't steal it, this is my son's card.
Okay, get out of here,
Don't think I made a business mistake. Madam, if this is your son's card,
You can go to atmg and enter the password to fund the block.
Okay, okay. Just his son.
Curry would be nice if it cost a few hundred dollars.
Hello, I'm here to withdraw money, one hundred thousand
Stick bank amount guard flushed